chore(docs): adding documentation for Keptn integration (#1832)
kubeshop/tracetest: examples/keptn-integration/README.md

# Running Tracetest with Keptn
 
[Keptn](https://keptn.sh/) is a powerful tool to automate the lifecycle of your application running on Kubernetes. One of the tasks that we can do on `keptn` is to test an application and see if it is healthy and ready to be used by your users.

> By using Keptn [Job Executor Service](https://github.com/keptn-contrib/job-executor-service) plugin, we can upload a Tracetest test definition and a CLI configuration to a service, and run a test using the following job:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the Keptn [Job Executor Service](https://github.com/keptn-contrib/job-executor-service) plugin, we can upload a Tracetest test definition and a CLI configuration to a service and run a test using the following job:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v2
actions:
 - name: "Run tracetest on your service"
   events:
     - name: "sh.keptn.event.test.triggered"
   tasks:
     - name: "Run tracetest"
       files:
         - data/test-definition.yaml
         - data/tracetest-cli-config.yaml
       image: "kubeshop/tracetest:latest"
       cmd:
         - sh
       args:
         - -c
         - "./tracetest --config /keptn/data/tracetest-cli-config.yaml test run --definition /keptn/data/test-definition.yaml --wait-for-result"
```

## Quickstart

Here we will show how to use Tracetest to do these tests and help in your delivery and testing workflows. 

### Assumptions

> 1. We are using the [Pokeshop](https://docs.tracetest.io/pokeshop/) example, exposed on `http://demo-pokemon-api.demo`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We are using the [Pokeshop](https://docs.tracetest.io/pokeshop/) example, exposed on `http://demo-pokemon-api.demo`.
```

2. Tracetest is installed in `tracetest` namespace in that cluster;
3. We are considering that Keptn is [already installed](https://keptn.sh/docs/1.0.x/install/) with the [Job Executor Service](https://github.com/keptn-contrib/job-executor-service) plugin on your Kubernetes cluster and that you have the [CLI](https://keptn.sh/docs/1.0.x/install/cli-install/) installed on your machine and already [authenticated](https://keptn.sh/docs/1.0.x/install/authenticate-cli-bridge/) with Keptn API.
 
### 1. Setup a project and a service
 
Keptn works with [concepts](https://keptn.sh/docs/concepts/glossary/) of a Project (element to maintain multiple services forming an application in stages) and a Service (smallest deployable unit and is deployed in all project stages according to the order).

> Usually, these resources are managed by Keptn during Sequences (a set of tasks for realizing a delivery or operations process). An example of a sequence of **Deploying**** a system, that could do 3 tasks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, these resources are managed by Keptn during Sequences (a set of tasks for realizing a delivery or operations process). The following is an example of a sequence of **Deploying**** a system that contains 3 tasks:
```

> 1. Update a service / a set of services in a namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update a service - a set of services in a namespace.
```

> 2. Run tests to see if everything is working fine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run tests to see if everything is working fine.
```

> 3. Change traffic to this new set of services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Change traffic to this new set of services.
```

> To integrate Tracetest with Keptn at first glance, we recommend setting up a task that will invoke Tracetest to run tests on these services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate Tracetest with Keptn, we recommend setting up a task that will invoke Tracetest to run tests on these services.
```

 
In our example, we are setting up a project through the CLI by first, defining a `shipyard` file called [`shipyard.yaml`](./shipyard.yaml) for our project:
```yaml
apiVersion: "spec.keptn.sh/0.2.2"
kind: "Shipyard"
metadata:
 name: "shipyard-keptn-tracetest-integration"
spec:
 stages:
   - name: "production"
     sequences:
       - name: "deployment"
         tasks:
           - name: "update-services"
           - name: "test-services"
```
 

> And later creating a project `keptn-tracetest-integration` with it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then creating a project `keptn-tracetest-integration` with it:
```

```sh
keptn create project keptn-tracetest-integration -y -s shipyard.yaml
```
 

> **Note:** Keptn may ask you to have a git repository for this project, to enable GitOps. If so, you need to create an empty git repository, and a git token and pass it through the flags `--git-remote-url`, `-`-git-user`, and `--`git-token`. More details about this setup can be seen on [Keptn docs/Git-based upstream](https://keptn.sh/docs/1.0.x/manage/git_upstream).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Keptn may ask you to have a Git repository for this project to enable GitOps. If so, you need to create an empty Git repository and a Git token and pass it through the flags `--git-remote-url`, `-`-git-user`, and `--`git-token`. More details about this setup can be seen on [Keptn docs/Git-based upstream](https://keptn.sh/docs/1.0.x/manage/git_upstream).
```

 
After that, we can create a service `pokeshop` for this project by executing:
```sh
keptn create service pokeshop --project keptn-tracetest-integration -y
```
 
### 2. Add Tracetest files and job files as resources of a service
 
After creating a service, we will set up a job associated with the `pokeshop` service and the task event `test-services`.
 

> To do that, first, we will create a config file for Tracetest CLI, telling which instance of Tracetest should run the tests. The file should be saved in your current directory with the name [`tracetest-cli-config.yaml`](./tracetest-cli-config.yaml):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we will create a config file for the Tracetest CLI, identifying which instance of Tracetest should run the tests. The file should be saved in your current directory with the name [`tracetest-cli-config.yaml`](./tracetest-cli-config.yaml):
```

```yaml
scheme: http
endpoint: tracetest.tracetest.svc.cluster.local:11633
analyticsEnabled: false
```
 
Then, we will create a Tracetest test definition file in your current directory called [`test-definition.yaml`](./test-definition.yaml):
```yaml
type: Test
spec:
  id: apdCx-h4g
  name: Pokeshop - List Pokemons
  description: Get a Pokemon
  trigger:
    type: http
    httpRequest:
      url: http://demo-pokemon-api.demo/pokemon?take=20&skip=0
      method: GET
      headers:
      - key: Content-Type
        value: application/json
  specs:
  - selector: span[name = “Tracetest trigger”]
    assertions:
    - attr:tracetest.span.duration < 500ms
```
 
Now we will add these files as resources for the service `pokeshop` on Keptn with the following command:
```sh
keptn add-resource --project keptn-tracetest-integration --service pokeshop --stage production --resource test-definition.yaml --resourceUri data/test-definition.yaml
keptn add-resource --project keptn-tracetest-integration --service pokeshop --stage production --resource tracetest-cli-config.yaml --resourceUri data/tracetest-cli-config.yaml
```
 

> These files will be located on the folder `data` and will be injected into our Keptn job that we will set up in the next step. To that, we will set up a job definition YAML, telling to run Tracetest every time that an event of `test-services` happens. This file will be named [`job-config.yaml`](./job-config.yaml), and will listen for the event `sh.keptn.event.test-services.triggered` (event emitted by the `test-services` task on the `deployment` sequence defined in our project):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files will be located in the folder `data` and will be injected into our Keptn job that we will set up in the next step. To that, we will set up a job definition YAML to run Tracetest every time that an event of `test-services` happens. This file will be named [`job-config.yaml`](./job-config.yaml) and will listen for the event `sh.keptn.event.test-services.triggered` (event emitted by the `test-services` task on the `deployment` sequence defined in our project):
```

         - data/tracetest-cli-config.yaml
       image: "kubeshop/tracetest:latest"
       cmd:
         - sh
       args:
         - -c
         - "./tracetest --config /keptn/data/tracetest-cli-config.yaml test run --definition /keptn/data/test-definition.yaml --wait-for-result"
```
 
Finally, we will add this job as a resource on Keptn:
```sh
keptn add-resource --project keptn-tracetest-integration --service pokeshop --stage production --resource job-config.yaml --resourceUri job/config.yaml
```
 
### 3. Setup Job Executor Service to see events emitted by the test step
 
To guarantee that our job will be called by Keptn when we execute the `deployment` sequence, we need to configure the integration `Job Executor Service` on `keptn-tracetest-integration` project to listen to `sh.keptn.event.test-services.triggered` events. We can do that only through the Keptn Bridge (their Web UI), by going to our project, choosing the `Settings` option, and later `Integrations``.
 
Choose the `job-executor-service` integration, and add a subscription to the event `sh.keptn.event.test-services.triggered` and the project `keptn-tracetest-integration`.
 
### 4. Run sequence when needed
 

> At last, to see the integration running, we only need to execute the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, to see the integration running, we only need to execute the following command:
```
